hi everybody I'm just doing a quick
beforehand video I'm getting my haircut
later and my hair at the moment is very
long and so I'm getting a cut up fairly
short for me at least anyway and it's
going to be right here I collarbone and
into a certain style but I want so i
will be showing met with you later but i
just wanted to do a quick beforehand so
you could compare it to the new look so
um i will update you guys later and all
right hi everybody so this is the
finished look I got my haircut two days
ago and it's nice and short and but not
too short which is good and I'm really
happy with the results and I took in a
picture of a lady called Anna saucony
and she was the inspiration for my
haircut and she got her hair cut into
the store of style good few months ago
but it really suited her and I was like
hmm i think that might suit me too so
i'm really pleased with it and i've got
so many comments on it so far and
everything's been really really positive
about it so i think i'm going to keep it
in this style for a good way while yet
because i am just so happy with it so I
will link an honest Coney because she's
a beauty guru and style guru on YouTube
and her channel was really good and so I
will link that below so that you can go
check right and go check out our hair
too so I'll see you later guys and
please like the video and tell me what
you think of my hair see ya bye